##### 范围
- [[beyond]]（在某个地点、范围或程度之外）：
	- The mountains extend beyond the horizon.
	- Her knowledge goes beyond what is taught in the classroom.
- [[besides]]（除…之外还）：
	- We have lots of things in common besides music.
	- I've got no family besides my parents.
- [[except]]（除…之外）：
	- We work every day except Sunday.
	- They all came except Matt.
- [[including]]（包括…在内）：
	- I've got three days' holiday including New Year's Day.
	- Six people were killed in the riot, including a policeman.
##### 相对
- [[against]]（反对）：
	- We're playing against the league champions next week.
	- That's against the law.
- [[versus]]（对立）：
	- The match is Barcelona versus Real Madrid.
	- It's a classic case of good versus evil.
##### 让步
- [[notwithstanding]]（尽管）：
	- Notwithstanding some major financial problems, the school has had a successful year.
	- The bad weather notwithstanding, the event was a great success.
- [[despite]]（尽管）：
	- Her voice was shaking despite all her efforts to control it.
	- Despite applying for hundreds of jobs, he is still out of work.
##### 相关
- [[about]]（关于）：
	- a book about flowers
	- What's she so angry about?
- [[concerning]]（关于）：
	- He asked several questions concerning the future of the company.
	- All cases concerning children are dealt with in a special children's court.
- [[regarding]]（关于）：
	- She has said nothing regarding your request.
	- Call me if you have any problems regarding your work.
- according to（根据）：
	- According to Mick, it's a great movie.
	- You've been absent six times according to our records.
##### 比较
- [[than]]（比）：
	- There was more whisky in it than soda.
	- What made you choose the one rather than the other?
- [[like]]（像）：
	- She's wearing a dress like mine.
	- He's very like his father.
- [[unlike]]（不像）：
	- Music is quite unlike any other art form.
	- The sound was not unlike that of birds singing.
- [[as]]（像，作为）：
	- They were all dressed as clowns.
	- Treat me as a friend.
##### 属于
- [[of]]（属于）：
	- a friend of mine
	- the love of a mother for her child
##### 数学
- [[per]]（每一）：
	- Rooms cost £50 per person, per night.
	- 60 miles per hour
- [[minus]]（减）：
	- Seven minus three is four
	- It was minus ten.
- [[plus]]（加）：
	- Two plus five is seven.
	- The cost is £22, plus £1 for postage.
##### 没有
- [[without]]（没有；缺乏）：
	- They had gone two days without food.
	- He left without saying goodbye.